LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
cmdbox/__init__.py
cmdbox/__main__.py
cmdbox/config.yml
cmdbox/logconf_audit.yml
cmdbox/logconf_client.yml
cmdbox/logconf_cmdbox.yml
cmdbox/logconf_edge.yml
cmdbox/logconf_gui.yml
cmdbox/logconf_server.yml
cmdbox/logconf_web.yml
cmdbox/version.py
cmdbox.egg-info/PKG-INFO
cmdbox.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
cmdbox.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
cmdbox.egg-info/entry_points.txt
cmdbox.egg-info/requires.txt
cmdbox.egg-info/top_level.txt
cmdbox/app/__init__.py
cmdbox/app/app.py
cmdbox/app/client.py
cmdbox/app/common.py
cmdbox/app/edge.py
cmdbox/app/feature.py
cmdbox/app/filer.py
cmdbox/app/options.py
cmdbox/app/server.py
cmdbox/app/web.py
cmdbox/app/auth/__init__.py
cmdbox/app/auth/azure_signin.py
cmdbox/app/auth/azure_signin_saml.py
cmdbox/app/auth/github_signin.py
cmdbox/app/auth/google_signin.py
cmdbox/app/auth/signin.py
cmdbox/app/auth/signin_saml.py
cmdbox/app/commons/convert.py
cmdbox/app/commons/loghandler.py
cmdbox/app/commons/module.py
cmdbox/app/commons/redis_client.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/audit_base.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_audit_createdb.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_audit_delete.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_audit_search.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_audit_write.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_copy.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_download.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_list.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_mkdir.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_move.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_remove.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_rmdir.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_file_upload.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_client_server_info.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_edge_config.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_edge_start.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_gui_start.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_gui_stop.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_server_list.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_server_start.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_server_stop.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_apikey_add.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_apikey_del.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_gencert.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_genpass.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_group_add.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_group_del.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_group_edit.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_group_list.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_start.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_stop.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_user_add.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_user_del.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_user_edit.py
cmdbox/app/features/cli/cmdbox_web_user_list.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_assets.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_audit.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_audit_metrics.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_bbforce_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_copyright.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_del_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_del_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_do_signin.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_do_signout.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_exec_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_exec_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_filer download.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_filer.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_filer_upload.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_get_cmd_choices.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_get_cmds.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_get_modes.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_get_server_opt.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_gui.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_gui_callback.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_list_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_list_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_load_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_load_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_raw_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_raw_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_result.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_save_cmd.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_save_pipe.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_signin.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_user_data.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_users.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_usesignout.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_versions_cmdbox.py
cmdbox/app/features/web/cmdbox_web_versions_used.py
cmdbox/extensions/features.yml
cmdbox/extensions/user_list.yml
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/requirements.txt
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/.vscode/launch.json
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/__init__.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/__main__.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/logconf_sample.yml
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/version.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/app/app.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/app/features/cli/sample_client_time.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/app/features/cli/sample_server_time.py
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/extensions/features.yml
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/extensions/user_list.yml
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/web/assets/sample/favicon.ico
cmdbox/extensions/sample_project/sample/web/assets/sample/icon.png
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.Jinja2.3.1.6(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.MarkupSafe.3.0.2(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.PyYAML.6.0.2(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.Pygments.2.19.1(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.Sphinx.8.2.3(UNKNOWN).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.alabaster.1.0.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.annotated-types.0.7.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.anyio.4.9.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.argcomplete.3.6.2(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.async-timeout.5.0.1(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.babel.2.17.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.backports.tarfile.1.2.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.certifi.2025.4.26(Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.cffi.1.17.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.charset-normalizer.3.4.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.click.8.1.8(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.colorama.0.4.6(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.cryptography.44.0.2(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.docutils.0.21.2(BSD License; GNU General Public License (GPL); Public Domain; Python Software Foundation License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.fastapi.0.115.12(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.gevent.25.4.2(MIT).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.greenlet.3.2.1(MIT AND Python-2.0).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.gunicorn.23.0.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.h11.0.16.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.httptools.0.6.4(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.id.1.5.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.idna.3.10(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.imagesize.1.4.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.importlib_metadata.8.7.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.itsdangerous.2.2.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.classes.3.4.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.context.6.0.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.functools.4.1.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.keyring.25.6.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.markdown-it-py.3.0.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.mdurl.0.1.2(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.more-itertools.10.7.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.nh3.0.2.21(MIT).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.numpy.2.2.5(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.packaging.25.0(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pillow.11.2.1(UNKNOWN).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pip.24.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.plyer.2.1.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.prettytable.3.16.0(UNKNOWN).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.prompt_toolkit.3.0.51(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.psycopg-binary.3.2.6(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.psycopg.3.2.6(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pycparser.2.22(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pycryptodome.3.22.0(BSD License; Public Domain).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pydantic.2.11.3(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pydantic_core.2.33.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pystray.0.19.5(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.python-dotenv.1.1.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.python-multipart.0.0.20(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.pywin32-ctypes.0.2.3(BSD-3-Clause).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.questionary.2.1.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.readme_renderer.44.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.redis.5.2.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.requests-toolbelt.1.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.requests.2.32.3(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.rfc3986.2.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.rich.14.0.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.roman-numerals-py.3.1.0(CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication; Zero-Clause BSD (0BSD)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.setuptools.65.5.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.six.1.17.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sniffio.1.3.1(Apache Software License; MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.snowballstemmer.2.2.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-intl.2.3.1(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-rtd-theme.3.0.2(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-sitemap.2.6.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx_fontawesome.0.0.6(GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2)).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-applehelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-devhelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.2.1.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jquery.4.1(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jsmath.1.0.1(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-qthelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.starlette.0.46.2(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.tabulate.0.9.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.tomli.2.2.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.twine.6.1.0(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.typing-inspection.0.4.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.typing_extensions.4.13.2(UNKNOWN).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.tzdata.2025.2(Apache Software License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.urllib3.2.4.0(UNKNOWN).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.uvicorn.0.34.2(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.watchfiles.1.0.5(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.wcwidth.0.2.13(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.websockets.15.0.1(BSD License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.wheel.0.45.1(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.zipp.3.21.0(MIT License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.zope.event.5.0(Zope Public License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/LICENSE.zope.interface.7.2(Zope Public License).txt
cmdbox/licenses/files.txt
cmdbox/web/assets_license_list.txt
cmdbox/web/audit.html
cmdbox/web/filer.html
cmdbox/web/gui.html
cmdbox/web/result.html
cmdbox/web/signin.html
cmdbox/web/users.html
cmdbox/web/assets/apexcharts/apexcharts.css
cmdbox/web/assets/apexcharts/apexcharts.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.bundle.min.5.3.0.js
cmdbox/web/assets/bootstrap/bootstrap.min.5.3.0.css
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/audit.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/color_mode.css
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/common.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/favicon.ico
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/filer_modal.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/icon.png
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/list_cmd.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/list_pipe.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/main.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/open_capture.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/open_output_json.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/result.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/signin.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/users.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/view_raw.js
cmdbox/web/assets/cmdbox/view_result.js
cmdbox/web/assets/encodingjs/LICENSE.txt
cmdbox/web/assets/encodingjs/encoding.js
cmdbox/web/assets/encodingjs/encoding.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/filer/filer.js
cmdbox/web/assets/filer/main.css
cmdbox/web/assets/filer/main.js
cmdbox/web/assets/highlight/default.css
cmdbox/web/assets/highlight/highlight.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/highlight/styles/tokyo-night-dark.min.css
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery/jquery.min.3.2.0.js
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-linedtextarea/README.md
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea-license.txt
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea.css
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea.html
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea.js
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-resizable/jquery-resizable.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/AUTHORS.txt
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/LICENSE.txt
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.min.css
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.structure.min.css
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/jquery-ui.theme.min.css
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/package.json
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_444444_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_555555_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_777620_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_777777_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_cc0000_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/jquery-ui/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/css/lightbox.min.css
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/images/close.png
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/images/loading.gif
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/images/next.png
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/images/prev.png
cmdbox/web/assets/lightbox2/js/lightbox.min.js
cmdbox/web/assets/split-pane/split-pane.css
cmdbox/web/assets/split-pane/split-pane.js
cmdbox/web/assets/tree-menu/css/tree-menu.css
cmdbox/web/assets/tree-menu/image/file.png
cmdbox/web/assets/tree-menu/image/folder-close.png
cmdbox/web/assets/tree-menu/image/folder-open.png
cmdbox/web/assets/tree-menu/js/tree-menu.js