
LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2023 - University of Neuchâtel


PREAMBLE

GEONE is a python package providing a set of tools for geostatistical
and multiple-point statistics modeling. It contains the DEESSE library
in the sub-package deesse_core.

DEESSE is a commercial product which is not provided as an open source
software and belongs to the University of Neuchâtel. GEONE includes a
wrapper allowing to launch DEESSE directly in python.

GEONE is provided as an open source code with an open access license
applicable for all the code except the deesse_core subpackage (see
details below).

DEESSE and therefore the deesse_core subpackage requires a specific
license agreement for commercial use only.  The use of  DEESSE is free
(royalty free) and unlimited for academic research and teaching
activities. Its use for industrial and commercial activities is
authorized only under a specific license agreement to be concluded
with the University of Neuchâtel. Such commercial license must be
obtained before any commercial or industrial use to take place and
fees will be charged. To obtain such a commercial license from the
University of Neuchâtel, the users shall contact directly Prof.
Philippe Renard (philippe.renard@unine.ch).


LICENSE TERMS FOR THE SOFTWARE GEONE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to deal in
the software GEONE (“The Software”) excluding the software DEESSE,
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following condition:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The permission granted herehover is related to the Software only and
does not imply any commercial or industrial license grant concerning
DEESSE software also made available by the copyright owners and the
University of Neuchâtel on the GitHub platform.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

